feat: add example for javadocs (#429)
asyncapi/modelina: examples/java-generate-javadoc/README.md

# JavaDocs

> A basic example of how to generate Java models including JavaDocs from description and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic example of how to generate Java models by including JavaDocs in description and examples.
```
